Ti=MISCELLANEOUS

1.Ti=Non-Exclusive Agreement

1.sec=<a href='#Def.Customer.sec' class='definedterm'>Customer</a> acknowledges that <a href='#Def.Vendor.sec' class='definedterm'>Vendor</a> may engage in other business activities during the term of this <a href='#Def.Agreement.sec' class='definedterm'>Agreement</a> and may be employed or retained by others. <a href='#Def.Vendor.sec' class='definedterm'>Vendor</a> acknowledges that <a href='#Def.Customer.sec' class='definedterm'>Customer</a> enters into similar agreements with parties other than <a href='#Def.Vendor.sec' class='definedterm'>Vendor</a> for products and services the same as or similar to those <a href='#Def.Vendor.sec' class='definedterm'>Vendor</a> provides. <a href='#Def.Customer.sec' class='definedterm'>Customer</a> from time to time may employ other parties, including without limitation <a href='#Def.Vendor.sec' class='definedterm'>Vendor</a>’s competitors, to assist with projects set forth in this <a href='#Def.Agreement.sec' class='definedterm'>Agreement</a> or similar projects.

2.Ti=No Publicity

2.sec=<a href='#Def.Vendor.sec' class='definedterm'>Vendor</a> shall not: (a) use <a href='#Def.Customer.sec' class='definedterm'>Customer</a>’s name or trademarks (including the names or trademarks of <a href='#Def.Customer.sec' class='definedterm'>Customer</a>’s subsidiaries, affiliates, divisions, or products) in any form of publicity; or (b) release to the public any information relating to the products or services provided to <a href='#Def.Customer.sec' class='definedterm'>Customer</a> under this <a href='#Def.Agreement.sec' class='definedterm'>Agreement</a>, or to otherwise disclose or advertise that <a href='#Def.Vendor.sec' class='definedterm'>Vendor</a> has entered into this <a href='#Def.Agreement.sec' class='definedterm'>Agreement</a>, except with <a href='#Def.Customer.sec' class='definedterm'>Customer</a>’s prior written approval.

3.Ti=Injunction

3.sec=Each party agrees that breach of Article {Conf.Xnum} above (Confidentiality), or <a href='#Def.Vendor.sec' class='definedterm'>Vendor</a>’s breach of Article {Data.Xnum} above (Data Management & Security), would cause the non-breaching party irreparable injury, for which monetary damages would not provide adequate compensation, and that in addition to any other remedy, the injured party will be entitled to injunctive relief against such breach or threatened breach, without proving actual damage or posting a bond or other security.

4.Ti=Return of Property

4.sec=Upon <a href='#Def.Customer.sec' class='definedterm'>Customer</a>’s request or upon termination of an <a href='#Def.Addendum.sec' class='definedterm'>Addendum</a>, <a href='#Def.Vendor.sec' class='definedterm'>Vendor</a> shall return to <a href='#Def.Customer.sec' class='definedterm'>Customer</a> all <a href='#Def.Customer.sec' class='definedterm'>Customer</a> property placed in <a href='#Def.Vendor.sec' class='definedterm'>Vendor</a>’s possession or control pursuant to such <a href='#Def.Addendum.sec' class='definedterm'>Addendum</a>.

5.Ti=Waiver

5.sec=Neither party will be deemed to have waived any of its rights under this <a href='#Def.Agreement.sec' class='definedterm'>Agreement</a> by lapse of time or by any statement or representation other than by an authorized representative in an explicit written waiver. No waiver of a breach of this <a href='#Def.Agreement.sec' class='definedterm'>Agreement</a> will constitute a waiver of any other breach of this <a href='#Def.Agreement.sec' class='definedterm'>Agreement</a>.

6.Ti=Notices

6.0.sec=Notices pursuant to this <a href='#Def.Agreement.sec' class='definedterm'>Agreement</a> will be sent to the addresses below and will be deemed received upon the earlier of (a) actual receipt or (b) delivery in person, by fax with written confirmation of receipt, or by certified mail return receipt requested.

6.1.sec=For {Vendor.US.Notice.Block}

6.2.sec=For {Customer.US.Notice.Block}

6.00.sec=Either party may revise its address for notices by notice given pursuant to this Section {Xnum}.6.

6.=[G/Z/ol-none/s2]

7.Ti=Interpretation

7.sec=This <a href='#Def.Agreement.sec' class='definedterm'>Agreement</a> will be construed as a whole according to the fair meaning of its language and, regardless of who is responsible for its original drafting, will not be construed for or against either party.

8.Ti=Severability

8.sec=If a court of competent jurisdiction rules that a provision of this <a href='#Def.Agreement.sec' class='definedterm'>Agreement</a> is unenforceable, such provision will be deemed modified to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, and the remaining provisions of this <a href='#Def.Agreement.sec' class='definedterm'>Agreement</a> will continue in full force and affect.

9.Ti=Governing Law

9.sec=This <a href='#Def.Agreement.sec' class='definedterm'>Agreement</a> and all claims arising out of or related to this <a href='#Def.Agreement.sec' class='definedterm'>Agreement</a> will be governed solely by the internal laws of {Law.State.the}, without reference to: (a) any conflicts of law principle that would apply the substantive laws of another jurisdiction to the parties’ rights or duties; (b) the 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods; or (c) other international laws. The parties consent to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of {Tribunal.cl}. This Section {Xnum}.9 governs all claims arising out of or related to this <a href='#Def.Agreement.sec' class='definedterm'>Agreement</a>, including without limitation tort claims.

10.Ti=Assignment

10.sec=<a href='#Def.Vendor.sec' class='definedterm'>Vendor</a> shall not assign this <a href='#Def.Agreement.sec' class='definedterm'>Agreement</a> or any of its rights or obligations hereunder without <a href='#Def.Customer.sec' class='definedterm'>Customer</a>’s prior written consent. Subject to the preceding sentence, this <a href='#Def.Agreement.sec' class='definedterm'>Agreement</a> will inure to the benefit of the parties’ successors and assigns.

11.Ti=Entire Agreement; Modification

11.sec=This <a href='#Def.Agreement.sec' class='definedterm'>Agreement</a> sets forth the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous writings, negotiations, and discussions with respect to its subject matter. Neither party has relied upon any such prior or contemporaneous communications.

=[G/Z/ol/11]
